Ye Xuan, you are awake, you are finally awake
You are
Cool myself down
How long have you been so motionless? I don't know.
Your hands are freezing!
Because I am a snake
So it doesn't matter if it's cold.
But you have been burning for the past two days and have been unable to wake up.
I'm afraid my brain will burn out
So I dare not move
What are you looking at me for?
I just feel like
It's good to have you.
Just fucking remember I have something to do
I'll go first
Brother Ye Xian, you have succeeded
It worked. I did it.
Yo, I've called my brother.
roll
Hahahahaha
Hahaha
fair
I finally found you.
Hahahaha
Where did the devil dare to cherish and be disadvantageous?
Yeah.
This thing can actually block the old man's time